Updated maintainer_guide (#1225)
slackapi/python-slack-sdk: .github/maintainers_guide.md

work for this project again in the future, `cd` into this project directory and
run `source env_3.9.6/bin/activate` again.

The last step is to install this project's dependencies and run all unit tests; to do so, you can run
```bash
$ ./scripts/run_validation.sh 
```

Also check out [how
we configure GitHub Actions to install dependencies for this project for use in

> our continuous integration](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci-build.yml#L26-L30).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our continuous integration](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/blob/v3.17.0/.github/workflows/ci-build.yml#L28-L32).
```

## Tasks

### Testing (Unit Tests)

> When you make changes to this SDK, please write unit tests verifying if the changes work as you expected. You can easily run all the tests by running the command. The `validate` command runs Flake8 (static code analyzer), Black (code formatter), and unit tests in the `tests` directory for you.

Reviewer 2: I think we need updates to this sentence too as it still references the old `python setup.py validate` command. Also "You can easily run all the tests by running the command" - "the command" is ambiguous at this point; perhaps better something like "You can easily run all the tests by running the script below".

Author: Maybe we should remove these lines entirely and let people look into the GitHub actions to find what dependencies get installed. Alternatively they can also go through the `./scripts/run_validation.sh` to view what gets installed?

Reviewer 2: I'd just change this to something like:

```suggestion
When you make changes to this SDK, please write unit tests verifying if the changes work as you expected. You can easily run all the tests and formatting/linter by running:
```

Author: Agreed, I think I miss-understood what lines we were referring to.

### Testing (Unit Tests)

When you make changes to this SDK, please write unit tests verifying if the changes work as you expected. You can easily run all the tests by running the command. The `validate` command runs Flake8 (static code analyzer), Black (code formatter), and unit tests in the `tests` directory for you.

```bash

> python setup.py validate # run all

Reviewer 2: Maybe in this code block we show three different commands:

1. Run all the unit tests, and code formatter, and code analyzer: `./scripts/run_validation.sh`
2. Run all the unit tests (but no formatter nor code analyzer): `./scripts/run_unit_tests.sh`
3. Run a specific unit test: `./scripts/run_unit_tests.sh tests/web/test_web_client.py`

Author: Let me know if [these changes](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/pull/1225/commits/573e5021d58a5ee5454fba253d178e6fcefc8667#diff-64710ddf9131ee0621e674aba34707aa85cca5f735c2c9421a7b6a57724e264eR70-R83) reflect what you had envisioned

This project also has integration tests that verify the SDK works with the Slack API platform. As a preparation, you need to set [the required env variables](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slack-sdk/blob/main/integration_tests/env_variable_names.py) properly. You don't need to setup all of them if you just want to run some of the tests. Commonly, `SLACK_SDK_TEST_BOT_TOKEN` and `SLACK_SDK_TEST_USER_TOKEN` are used for running `WebClient` tests.

```bash
$ ./scripts/run_integration_tests.sh # run all

# run a single test
$ ./scripts/run_integration_tests.sh integration_tests/web/test_async_web_client.py
```

### Generating Documentation

The documentation is generated from the source and templates in the `docs-src` directory. The generated documentation
gets committed to the repo in `docs` and also published to a GitHub Pages website.

> You can generate and preview the **slack api documentation** by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate and preview the **SDK document pages** by running
```

```bash
$ ./scripts/docs.sh
$ open docs/index.html
```

> Similarly you can generate and preview the **Package slack_sdk documentation** by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly you can generate and preview the **API documents for `slack_sdk` package modules** by running
```

```bash
$ ./scripts/generate_api_docs.sh

> $ open docs/api-docs/slack_sdk/index.html

Reviewer: You can remove this line. The shell script does this.
```suggestion
```
